ROZWINĄĆ CEL PRACY

zakonczenie rozdziału

- PROBLEMY:
"Large Variability in Facial Appearance - Whereas shape and reflectance are intrinsic properties of a face, the appearance (i.e., the texture) of a face is also influenced by several other factors, including the facial pose (or, equivalently, camera
viewpoint), illumination, and facial expression"

"aging"

"data format, but also additional requirements, namely: scene constraints (lighting, pose, expression, etc.); photographic properties (positioning, camera focus etc.); and digital image attributes (image resolution, image size, etc.)."

"Wielkie kompanie wycofują się z rozpoznawania twarzy ze względu na niepokóje społeczeństwa spowodowane naruszaniem prywatności oraz brak jasnych zasad co do systemów rozpoznawanie twarzy"


"High Dimensionality and Small Sample Size - The number of example face images per person (typically fewer than 10,
and sometimes just one) available for learning the manifold is usually much smaller
than the dimensionality of the image space; a system trained on a small number of
examples may not generalize well to unseen instances of the face"


- POTRZEBA ULEPSZENIA.

ROZDZIAŁ 3
Rozdział 3. Bazy danych anty spoofingu
CelabAspoof:
CelebA-Spoof is a large-scale face anti-spoofing dataset that has 625,537 images from 10,177 subjects, which includes 43 rich attributes on face, illumination, environment and spoof types.
Among 43 rich attributes, 40 attributes belong to live images including all facial components and accessories such as skin, nose, eyes, eyebrows, lip, hair, hat, eyeglass. 3 attributes belong to spoof images including spoof types, environments and illumination conditions.

Illumination condition and enironment:
Indoor/ Outdoor
Normal/Strong/Back/Dark


Inne parametry datasetu:
Five Angles: All spoof type need to traverse all five types of angles including ''vertical'', ''down'', ''up'', ''forward'' and ''backward''. The angle of inclination is between [-30°, 30°].
Four Shapes: There are a total of four shapes, ''normal'', ''inside'', ''outside'' and ''corner''.
Four Sensors: We collected 24 popular devices with four types, ''PC'', ''camera'', ''tablet'' and ''phone''


Inne datasety:
- CASIA Face Anti-Spooﬁng Database(CASIA FASD) 
- Replay-Attack Database
these two consist of recordings ofreal client accesses and various spooﬁng attack attempts captured with differentimaging qualities, including mobile phones, webcams, and digital system cameras

Rozdział 4. Metryki dokładności

INNE:
Przykład potrzeby systemu anty spoofingowego:
- For example, in Hong Kong, a young passenger boarded a plane while wearing an old-man mask and arrived in Canada to claim asylum in 2010